oh [ __ ] yellow fiber why do you have a
yellow-blat flag and you need to
turn it over sweetly gave Good afternoon I am from
Ukraine the city of Khmelnitsky
From which city from the city of Khmelnitsky
city of Russia I am from St. Petersburg
Khmelsky base Hop can
What is the name of your channel
What channel
Andrey
Write please guys I’ll come
and see what turns you on Ukrainian
chatroulette now it’s the hottest topic
your country kills people in Ukraine
it was written that Svyatoslav Rurikovich
It was not invented later
But they were all from the same family
correctly So they were not Rurikovich
they were not they were of the same family
where Rurik was the founder
And who was Rurik this fictional
character
was not legendary Rurik Count them all  I have a
question These people belonged to the same
family who are these people
C  vyatoslav was the son of Princess Olga Svyatoslav was the son of the book was the son of Rurik Yes no And what was the son And where people were not Rurik Well if there was no Rurik who started the game was whose son well Rurik was not there but Igor was well, that is, we skip the legendary personality already the next continuity where you can see that these people are from the same family correctly And what And where does it We all see that these people are from the same family correctly So they are from the same family and That is, in principle, here It doesn’t matter what family the surname was, it doesn’t matter that it was one family it was and you can imagine that it was one family Well, it was one family, so they considered themselves in Rus', there was a ladder right before power was transferred so it wasn’t transferred to the son, but to the older brother, it all acted, I’m talking about what the legendary Rurik made his way from Veliky Novgorod See this capturing also also gifted Putin will be legendary like Abel, you understand this is a fairy tale that is, there was no one entered Yes, well, Ruriks n
there was but the family was let's talk about Putin about Putin Look, Putin will become a legend, he will make his way from Veliky Novgorod from St. Petersburg to Kyiv again, make Kyiv a Russian city And you are Ukrainians, you are invaders Why did we capture Kherson, how did it happen that the legendary Kherson you are invaders you are really invaders, we will still capture Crimea how it happened that he gave Kherson to some kind of invader not weak it turned out that is, Putin turns out to be a sucker He is not a sucker He will go Russian army listen look let's see the Russian army exists at the moment Where is the Russian army now Russian the army is now on the territory of Ukraine there are a lot of your dead are on the territory of Ukraine the living are on the territory temporarily alive are also there That is, the Russian army exists Yes the army exists combat capability is maintained correctly No look Let's take everything that you were able to capture so these are the first weeks, in fact there special operations these territories  everything When you meanly without
declaring war how Hitler attacked so
Ukraine still hasn't declared war on
Russia why you attacked you must
declare you must still why that's
when Hitler Russia Russia later
declared a
Soviet court Do you know why Russia
is afraid to declare war on Ukraine  Why
Because Putin knows as soon as Russia
declares war Ukraine immediately we will be able
to do carpet bombing of Moscow
Belgorod carpet bombing
bombing because to
beat Moscow No look The Americans
tell us that we cannot allow you in
Russia yes it is necessary that Russia declare
war therefore according to your logic if
Ukraine will now declare war on Russia, it
can bomb, we need Russia to
declare that Russia is the first in fact,
so here we are Yes, we fired at you,
your logic is no logic, see Russia attacked
Ukraine,
they defended themselves, they are Americans
who give us weapons NATO members are
asking, look we want everything  it was
so beautiful until Russia announces
officially war on you so that you don’t beat
Moscow
as soon as Russia is at war and the
way they said
that is, Russia will destroy Ukraine without
declaring war So now Ukraine is
destroying you
on the territory of which state the
war is now going on and we have been grinding into your army
now maybe the state
is on the war on the territory  Ukraine is not on the
territory And according to you, it’s on the territory,
look Kherson Kherson is Russia
Kherson is
Russia you see on the territory of your country
on the territory of your country Ukraine has not
evacuated a single city on the
territory of the Russian army and only
Russia has the first city in Ukraine
we immediately  they began to evacuate him
because Russia takes care of people in Kherson
250,000 people lived 300 250
moved to Russia, you know people from
Kherson do not want to be Ukraine Ukraine
lost 8 million people
not killed I did not kill 80 million
eight million people who
do not want to be in Russia on  site of
soldiers' mothers of Ukraine if
information  and that 320,000
Ukrainian soldiers were missing, they also tell me
men said 500,000 if I can’t
understand how a mathematician, look if
Russia entered here
thousands of people Yes, their Saigu said that
only 8000 died there And in Ukraine
only 300 thousand died missing
there are 500,000 mobilizations,
why
? Well, you understand why the Ukrainians don’t move, you say everyone doesn’t move like that now,
even until now, on the left
bank.
still
you understand it turns out
to have a rest look instead of going in
you send a little to die there you
understand why Yes and why
Putin won’t take it and won’t say Come on I’ll
throw everyone so that they [ __ ] kill us in Russia
[ __ ] business in Japan we need to
tidy up from Europe to add a damn business-  then
you understand that Ukraine can
afford all the forces concentrated in the fight
against Russia pony  you think you have
destroyed all the factories, all the
training centers for soldiers You train soldiers in
England in Europe, you can’t even
destroy a plant that you can
never have on a
tanker  Kherson and Kherson Zelensky
came
why Putin didn’t come to Kherson and
Zelensky came
some kind of talking monkey We will agree with them
not tanks, not planes, not even cartridges, not
manufacturers of anything Ukraine does not
produce only 10,000
Soviet-era T-80 tanks And now new ones
have begun to be made
we buy nothing from you Ukraine has lost
its statehood you will not
have electricity soon you will not be able to
pay we no longer have electricity
we cannot soon be without electricity
we no longer have electricity I have no electricity for a
week I have no electricity for a week
we rejoice look We  ready to help America and
Europe to bomb Russia
as it was when Danila Galitsky  al king abandoned Orthodoxy now before the territory begins not quite Russia now the Ukrainians will die in the fight against Russia and there will be two options either it will become Russia or your territory will become Europe But you will not live there But the Europeans are Poles for example So we want such Ukrainians to die We we want to die for the sake of the death of the Russian Empire Poles you are a country without you without history we are a country without history we therefore sold out to NATO so that there is no history you understand who captured Constantinople modern Ukrainians are invaders you turned out to be such we captured we bent you will capture further although Lviv was also a Russian city but we lost a long time ago we will turn back Kyiv If not Kyiv, who Odessa for sure and Ukraine will remain without access to urine you drink so calm down I want to listen further, come on, come on, let's talk further, what have you hushed up
all this spacewalk was when we
were together as soon as you decided to
separate you were building a non-state all
this time built up anti-
russia we brought up and now
we need to find a confrontation let's go to the
consultation
That is, it was you who started the war we didn't fall out
when we started we attacked then we
we are the aggressors Our task is to destroy Russia, I say frankly
Yes, why are you silent Come on, turn on,
I’m tired, I leave now, and the territories of
Russia moved away were 8 million people
did laugh at you
8 million people want 8 million
former Ukrainians do not want to live in Ukraine
and you rejoice why
why  I’m glad I don’t understand the explanation
Look, I’m glad that we are fulfilling our
historical mission to destroy the
Russian Empire this
was the first phase of the collapse of the Russian
Empire in 1991 the second phase of the collapse of the
empire
also like the Third Reich
to the Third Reich at Git  ler
got a little bigger then he didn’t,
but because he wanted to expand, he
seized the land, he rejoiced the badge looks like
fascist badges, I don’t know at all, I don’t know at all
when Hitler, before he shot himself,
he wrote a will later in 2014
Create the Azov regiment Take these badges and
start burning Russians
looks like this fascist lightning
Explain why I know the letter Z it looks like
now the letter Z This is definitely a fascist
symbol this is the letter Z Yes, they used this
letter of the alphabet this letter
is the
letter N  and the letters and the idea of ​​the nation are still tired of
writing all sorts of things to you
Come on, come on a song We will listen, let's
not need to, I was
wondering how much you can now
pile on
like this No, damn it, but before that there was a
real sense I want tired
Tired
No, you're tired,
I
'm
carrying content  music]
You eat go [ __ ] soon there
will be nothing to eat Sveta Look Sveta has been gone for a week now
I see that you are a fool
I twisted a little better so barely  you
could hear
[music]
[laughter]
and in short, pile on and with such a
need you capture ladies invaders like
listen to Americans at home serve
Americans we [ __ ] you all In short,
tired kid Yes, I love
you don't want teeth There you got burned that you were
screaming like yes class